0x5B -> valid page, read only, Executable, User mode process can access
0x17 -> valid, read and write, user mode process can access
0x7 -> Valid page, read and write, user mode process can't access
0xD7 -> valid page, read and write, User mode process can access
0xC7 -> Valid, read and write, user mode process can't access
0x4B -> Valid, read and executable, user mode process can't access

Store the usyscall struct for every process. Allocated one page for
this struct. Map it at the USYSCALL address. Unmap this when while
freeing the process.

uptime is one sys call that can be sped up. The user process  and kernel can share a page and
kernel can update this page with the ticks and the user process can read it instead of making
a syscall.

Idea behind printing page table,
At each level, shift the index (between 0 and 512) by PXSHIFT(level) bits and OR it with the va
we have seen to get the virtual address of the pte. Every index of a pagetable, forms the top, mid
or bottom 9 bits of the va. As we traverse the page table, we string these bits together to
form the virtual address

Idea behind super pages. My plan of attack was like so,
1. Add superalloc and superfree in kalloc.c. Reserve 20MB of physical memory for super pages, i.e., 10 super pages.
The tests only allocate 16MB though. 
2. While creating a super page for the process, 
  a. Use superalloc to allocate the super page. Decide whether its a super alloc scenario by checking memory requested
  b. Use a variant of mappages called mapsuperpages, which will only traverse the first two levels of the page table
     and return the PTE in the 2nd level to which we will asign the PA of the super page in #1.
  c. This is very similar to the existing mappages implementation and the only thing that changes is the page size.
3. While forking a process with super pages, we copy the page table using the `mapsuperpages`
4. While unmapping the page table, we need to remove the leaf nodes of the pagetable (which point to super pages).
   These will reside the second level of the page table and we can use PTE_LEAF to check. The gotcha is that second
   level of the page table might have entries that aren't pointing to super pages for e.g. for the code or data pages
   or any memory which was part of the process before it asked for super pages. 


