a2 register holds 13
f is at 0xe and 0x0
printf is at 0x6b0
ra will have 0x34, the instruction right after jal (0x30)

For backtrace, its just address math.

test0
Fairly straightforward. Add the glue code to invoke sigalarm and sigreturn.
In sigalarm, store the virtual address of the alarm handler in the process.
This virtual address is a function pointer. In usertrap(), set the epc
to this function pointer after the ticks have passed

test1/test2/test3
True to what the authors say, the code was very few lines but it took a while
for me to finish this one.
The uber idea is to save the trapframe contents of a process into a separate page
before the handler runs and restore it after the handler has finished. This is done
in sigreturn. Also, sigreturn overwrites the a0 register so skip doing that only
for this syscall.

My initial misguided solution was to declare a page for saving the trapframe contents
and map it in user space. Then use the copyin and copyout methods to read from and 
write to this new PAGE. This mistake here was that no user mapping is required for
this page. Reading from and writing to this page happens entirely in the kernel
and the user space process doesn't have to be aware of it at all. Also, TRAPFRAME
page is not accessible to userspace (PTE_U = 0) so copyin and copyout for TRAPFRAME
will not work as the userspace cannot R/W to this (obviously!). To come to this conclusion,
I spent a few hours printing the trapframe contents before the handler is run in trap.c
and then in sigreturn when the trapframe contents are restored from the saved alarm page.
I realised that the contents weren't matching. That's when I concluded that userspace (via walkaddr)
cannot read the TRAPFRAME contents. walkaddr is what copyin/copyout use eventually.
Instead, we just need the much simpler memmove to copy in and out as all of this is happening
in kernel space only.

This was how I debugged, 
p1 -> running,
n ticks have passed,
save p1->trapframe in the new page
run the handler,
handler calls sigreturn
sigreturn restores the trapframe from the new trapframe page
 
.
